Update formenctype.md (#2554)
enkidevs/curriculum: web/html/forms-iv/formenctype.md

author: Stefan-Stojanovic
type: normal
category: must-know
links:
  - >-
    [MDN enctype and formenctype](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/form#attributes_for_form_submission){documentation}
---

> # enctype & formenctype Attributes

Reviewer: imo the headline looks cleaner like this

```suggestion
# enctype & formenctype
```

---

## Content

The HTML `formenctype` input form attribute is used to specify how form-data should be encoded before it's sent to the server.

> It is only used for buttons with `type="submit"` and `type="image"`.

Reviewer: new line here to separate the paragraphs
```suggestion

It is only used for buttons with `type="submit"` and `type="image"`.
```

> An equivalent attribute is called `enctype`. It has the same functionality, except it is used on the form instead of the two mentioned button types.

Reviewer: what do you think about this?
```suggestion
You could also use the `enctype` attribute on the `form` element. This way, you can decide the encoding type for the entire form, instead of specifying it for every `input`.
```

> Also, the `formenctype` attribute overwrites the functionalities of `enctype` if both are present within the same form.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using the `formenctype` attribute (on the `form` element), its functionality is overwritten by the `enctype` attribute (on the `input` element) **if both are present within the same form**.
```

Author: But you can't use the `formenctype` on the form element, only on the buttons

Author: You can use it on the elements(buttons) inside the form, but on the form element itself

Author: Formenctype overwrites enctype. Same goes for formnovalidate > novalidate.

Author: Applied after name reverse
